Abu Dhabi

Abu Dhabi - the capital of the UAE is among the top exciting destinations in the world to visit. Although Abu Dhabi exudes more of an old world charm compared to the vibrant Dubai, this “Manhattan of the Middle East”, is not far behind when it comes to experiencing the Emirati luxury. Take your pick from Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque, Louvre Abu Dhabi, Ferrari World, Yas Waterworld at Yas Island, Warner Bros World, or Heritage Village for an exciting day out or else simply choose Desert Safari or shopping at World Trade Center Souk for a leisurely and relaxing day in the largest emirate of the UAE. We are sure your trip to Abu Dhabi will be one of the most memorable trips of your life.There is no need to apply for a separate Abu Dhabi visa. Since, Abu Dhabi is part of the UAE, travellers can enter Abu Dhabi on a valid Dubai visa. Simply choose your visa type depending upon your purpose of travel and your duration of stay in Abu Dhabi, and apply for either 48 hours (transit), 96 hours (transit), 14 days (short term), 30 days (short term) or 60 days (long term) Dubai visa for Indians. It can be a single entry or a multiple entry UAE visa subject to your visa type and stay period.48 Hours Dubai Transit Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	2 days
Validity	30 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 2,499/-
96 Hours Dubai Transit Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	4 days
Validity	30 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 3,999/-
14 Days Dubai Tourist Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	14 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 6,999/-
14 Days Dubai Tourist Visa (Express) + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 48 hours
Stay Period	14 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 7,999/-
30 Days Dubai Tourist Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	30 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 7,199/-
30 Days Dubai Tourist Visa (Express) + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 48 hours
Stay Period	30 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 8,199/-
30 Days Multiple Entry Dubai Tourist Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	30 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Multiple
Price	INR 24,999/-
60 Days Dubai Tourist Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	60 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 18,999/-
60 Days Dubai Job Seeker Visa + Insurance (COVID)
Processing Time	Upto 5 days
Stay Period	60 days
Validity	58 days
Entry	Single
Price	INR 23,999/-
Abu Dhabi Visa Price includes:
Consulate fees
Medical insurance (Covers Coronavirus and everything else)
Service charges
All taxes
Abu Dhabi Visa requirements:
Scanned color copies of first and last page of applicant’s valid passport.
Color scan of applicants passport size photograph check Dubai visa photo requirements.
Confirmed return flight tickets (requirement for Ok to Board process).

Steps to apply Abu Dhabi Visa online:12 View all offers
Visit Akbartravels.comand select your Abu Dhabi visa type.
Submit the required documents and pay the Abu Dhabi visa fees.
Get your Abu Dhabi visa for Indians right in the inbox of your registered email id.
FAQs:Q.What is the Abu Dhabi visa price?Ans - The Abu Dhabi visa price for Indians starts from INR 1,999, depending upon your Dubai visa type.Q.Do I need a visa for Abu Dhabi?Ans - Yes, you need to obtain Abu Dhabi visa before travelling to the country. If you are travelling through Abu Dhabi to another country you need to have Abu Dhabi transit visa.Q.How long does Abu Dhabi visa / Dubai visa take for processing?Ans - Normally Dubai visa process can take upto 5 working days to complete, but if you avail our express visa services, you can get it in as early as 2 days!Q.Can I enter Sharjah with Abu Dhabi Visa?Ans - Yes, since Sharjah and Abu Dhabi all are a part of the UAE, you can enter any of these emirates with a UAE visa. There is no need for a separate Abu Dhabi visa or Sharjah visa.Q.Can I go to Dubai with Abu Dhabi visa?Ans - Yes. UAE visa is famously known as Dubai visa, and is valid for all emirates of the UAE.Q.Is the Abu Dhabi visit visa fees for 3 months inclusive of taxes?Ans - Yes, the Abu Dhabi visa cost is inclusive of all taxes, consulate fees, medical insurance and service charges.Q.Can Indians get Abu Dhabi visa on arrival?Ans - Yes, Indians can get Abu Dhabi visa on arrival (Dubai visa) but only if they meet certain criteria like having a valid US visa, or UK visa, or Schengen visa, or a residence visa of UK or EU. However, we recommend you to get a Dubai visa online before you plan your Abu Dhabi trip.Q.Where to apply Abu Dhabi visa online?Ans - You can easily apply for Abu Dhabi visa through our website - Akbartravels.com. The Abu Dhabi visa application process is easy and hassle free, requires minimum documentation and is completely online!Q.How to check Abu Dhabi visa status online?Ans - After submitting your Abu Dhabi visa application you will receive your Abu Dhabi visa via email right in inbox you need not worry about keeping a tab on your Abu Dhabi visa application status. Our Dubai Visa Experts will notify you of your visa application status at every step.Q.Is Abu Dhabi visa price refundable?Ans - No, regardless of your Abu Dhabi visa application status, Abu Dhabi visa cost is non-refundable.12 View all offersWhen you apply for your Abu Dhabi visa through Akbartravels.com, our highly skilled Visa Experts will solve your every query and doubt regarding Abu Dhabi visa and ensure that your Abu Dhabi visa application process goes as smooth as a breeze and is totally hassle free. Avail our free consultations services over a call and take the first step towards your much awaited Abu Dhabi holidays now! Moreover, fromcheap flights to Dubai, visa to accommodations, Dubaitour packages and everything in between, we can handle it all.ubaiDubai Visa Blogs:
Our Verdict on Dubai Visa on Arrival for Indians
Dubai Visa Guide for Indian Citizens
How do I apply for Dubai Work Visa from India
Common Reasons for Dubai Visa Rejection
Easy Way to get Dubai Visa online

Shengen

This is a general overview - for more details contact the embassy or consulate of your main destination country.

What is a Schengen visa?
A Schengen visa is an entry permit for non-EU nationals to make a short, temporary visit of up to 90 days in any 180-day period to a country in the Schengen area. 

Schengen visas come in 3 forms: 

single-entry visa - allowing you to enter the Schengen area once;
multiple-entry visa - allowing several visits to the Schengen area for as long as the visa is valid;
airport transit visa - allows you to connect through the international transit area of an airport in the Schengen area during a stopover or a change of flights. It does not allow you to leave the international transit area.
How long can you stay?
The short-stay visa calculator can help you calculate the remaining period you are allowed to stay in a Schengen country. 

The user's guide provides step by step instructions and practical examples to help you use the calculator.

Who needs to apply for a Schengen visa?
Citizens of certain non-EU countries must hold a short-stay visa when travelling to the Schengen area. 

Consult the EU list of countries whose citizens are required to hold a visa when crossing its external borders. There are exceptions to the visa requirements for certain types of traveller to certain countries (e.g. diplomats, armed forces, refugees, pupils on school excursions).

Airport transit visas

Some non-EU nationals must also hold an airport transit visa when connecting through the international transit areas of airports located in any of the Schengen States. 
For citizens of certain additional countries, an airport transit visa is required when connecting through the international transit areas of airports located in some of the Schengen countries. 
There are some categories of people who are exempt from the requirement to hold an airport transit visa (see Article 3(5) of the Visa Code).
Where to apply
You must lodge your application for a Schengen visa at the consulate of the country you intend to visit. 

Visiting more than 1 Schengen countries: apply at the consulate of the country where you will spend the longest time.
Visiting several Schengen countries (for stays of equal length): apply at the consulate of the first country you will visit.
As a general rule, you must apply for a Schengen visa at the consulate with territorial responsibility for the country where you are legally resident.
When to apply
You must submit your application to the consulate at least 15 days before your intended journey and no earlier than 6 months beforehand. 

You may have to book an appointment before lodging the application.

What documents are needed to apply?
A valid passport. The passport’s expiry date should be at least 3 months after the date of your departure from the Schengen area. For multiple-entry visas, the expiry date should be at least 3 months after your departure from the last country visited.
A visa application form.
A photo in compliance with ICAO standards.
Medical insurance covering emergency medical care, hospitalisation and repatriation (including in the event of death).
Supporting documents relating to the purpose of your stay, evidence of financial means and accommodation during your stay, and evidence of your intention to return to your home country after your stay.
Your fingerprints will be collected when you submit your application (exemptions exist for specific categories of applicants).
Additional documents may also be requested by the consulates.

How much does a visa cost?
€90 for adults
€45 for children aged 6-12
€35 for applicants from Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Belarus
€67,50 for applicants from Cabo Verde.
An additional fee may apply if you go through visa service centres, which collect applications on behalf of consulates in some cases.

The visa fee can be waived for specific categories of applicants.

How long does the application take to process?
The normal processing time for a visa application is 15 days. 

This period may be extended to up to 45 days if a more detailed examination of the application and/or additional documents are required.

Under certain conditions, family members of EU or EEA citizens falling under the Free Movement Directive are eligible for a free and accelerated visa procedure.

Refusal of a visa application
If your application is rejected, you will be told:

why it was rejected
how to submit an appeal.

Canada 

Who can get a visa
You must meet some basic requirements to get a visitor visa.

You must:

have a valid travel document, like a passport
be in good health
have no criminal or immigration-related convictions
convince an immigration officer that you have ties—such as a job, home, financial assets or family—that will take you back to your home country
convince an immigration officer that you will leave Canada at the end of your visit
have enough money for your stay
The amount of money you will need depends on how long you will stay and if you will stay in a hotel, or with friends or relatives.
You may also need a medical exam and letter of invitation from someone who lives in Canada.

Check the list of documents you need based on your situation.

Some people are not allowed to enter Canada
Some people are inadmissible to Canada, which means they are not allowed to enter the country. You can be inadmissible for several reasons, including being involved in:

criminal activity
human rights violations
organized crime
You can also be inadmissible for security, health or financial reasons. Find out more about inadmissibility.

Minor children travelling to Canada
Make sure you know what to do if your minor children (children under the age of 18) will be travelling with you, with someone else, or alone.

Gather documents
Gather these documents to submit with your visa application and bring when you travel.

About the documents listed

Not all documents listed below are required—some are optional.
This is not an exhaustive list of acceptable proof to support your visa application.
Only submit the recommended documents that prove you’re eligible for a visa.
Even if you submit all the documents listed, there is no guarantee that we’ll approve your application.
We may request more information from you in addition to what is listed here.
Tourist
Identity document
Documents we accept:

passports (regular, official or diplomatic) from most countries (see exceptions below)
alien’s passport for stateless persons
US Permit to Re-Enter (Form I-327)
US Refugee Travel Document (Form I-571)
other refugee travel documents for non-citizens
Documents we don’t accept:

any passport issued by Somalia
non-machine-readable passports issued by the Czech Republic
temporary passports issued by the Republic of South Africa
provisional passports issued by Venezuela
Details to include
A clear, colour copy of your valid passport or travel document that you’ll use to travel to Canada

If you have a passport, you must provide a copy of

the page that shows your birth date and country of origin
any pages with stamps, visas or markings
If you have a travel document, it must be issued by a government and include your

name
date of birth
document number
citizenship or residency status
photo
expiry date (if applicable)
Submit this document with your visa application.

Use of a representative (IMM 5476) (opens in a new tab) (if applicable)
Family members or third parties who apply on behalf of the applicant need to complete this form.

Submit the completed form with your visa application.

Family information (IMM 5645) (opens in a new tab)
Each applicant 18 years or older must complete this form.

Submit the completed form with your visa application

Minor children (if applicable)
Documents needed depend on whether a child under 18 years of age will travel with only 1 parent, with a relative or friend or alone.

Details to include
Submit these with your visa application.
Show the border services officer when you arrive in Canada.
Recommended documents
Biometrics
You may need to give your biometrics for this permit. If you need to give biometrics, pay the biometrics fee when you apply. The fee covers the cost of collecting fingerprints and a digital photo.

Find out if you need to give your biometrics.

Extend the validity of your biometrics
We can’t issue a visa or permit longer than 10 years from the last date you gave your biometrics. If you want a visa or permit for a longer period of time, you can choose to give your biometrics again when you apply, even if they’re still valid.

Follow these steps when you apply for your visa or permit:

Pay the biometrics fee when you apply.
Wait for your biometric instruction letter (BIL). You must use the BIL that was issued for this application.
Book an appointment and visit an official biometric collection location to give your biometrics again.


